[Music]
[Applause]
welcome home I think I know these
students their attention span doesn't go
past don't rape me you know maybe on a
good day I can get them too far I think
you're under estimating them any child
can learn to put violence it stunk who
wants to be kicked out of my class why
they're violence for wimps you didn't
give me a good enough reason so you're
staying now 250 kids maybe six are
listening to me Thanks Monday didn't you
say no one was listening to you yeah so
look at the purpose you are a little too
harsh but I'm sure you might be able to
soften your comments
well that was not so bad
Roberta why are you acting like that
well don't you want a nice teacher I
already got a nice teachers you had some
all right Isabel Vasquez second grade
why are you being so nice to me I want
my daughter in your class next year
Smyrna because you got fired
there want these anymore they slashed
the budget
I see after 10 years after 1400 kids
have been warned the violin you think I
haven't noticed what you've done for
these kids
[Music]
she gave them a gift they could never
imagine
[Music]
they gave the system a fight it would
never forget
some think that music isn't important
for our kids but they are wrong and
they're gonna get a big bite
[Applause]
[Music]
I would like you all to play from your
heart play like I know you can play just
play from here
[Applause]